Boy I'm all for it
earth-shattering
Die today
Don't talk too much
You don't have to be my opponent to die
Hahaha, you are not the city lord.
Song Tianbao doesn't know martial arts at all
Hahahahaha
Thousands of calculations
I didn't expect to turn over on you nameless foot
Yes, I'm not Song Tianbao.
False city lord
Hahahaha
Then these security guards
I guess it's not Song Tianbao's person, right?
We are the assassination of Lord Liu, not the elite
Kid today heavenly network
You can't escape
Haha, what a pity!
We set up this heavenly net.
Use it on your boy
That's overqualified
What about the real city lord?
He was killed by you
Hahaha City Lord does not need to attend
Today, Elder Yuntao and I will definitely take you down
To cover up
Do you believe what you say?
Tempting for so long
They are suspect enough
Just one piece of evidence to make a conclusion
Believe and Unbelieve
After you die
Let's make a conclusion after seeing Long Shuai
Don't talk too much
It's not certain who will die
Just you, just me